# 1.2 Solutions

In the traditional Web 2.0, there are many excellent development teams, who have explored the game art level for many years, and the professional technical service team of GameBox will provide one-click access to Web 3.0 solutions for the majority of developers, serving many Web 2.0 developers to the road of Web 3.0. Bring better games into the meta universe.

 

When GameBox would form a professional maintenance team by the game development community, which is voted by the community, community investment for the project will be carried out strict code review, so that the follow-up for public maintenance (has the capacity to replace the development team to develop), it can also help determine the key points in the game we should develop or recommend for users to create values for their own interests and hobbies, achieving mutual benefit and win-win results.

 

●GameBox wishes players have rapid deployment and generation of NFT on their platform/game, also hopes players at GameBox have a voice in the master plan. We will use the concept of DAO for community autonomy and boost the process of decentralization.

 

●GameBox game NFT circulation, provide a variety of bidding modes, game NFT gameplay will pay more attention to the combination of platform games and application scenarios, the use of one-click generation tools, while the platform will also record user rights and interests.

 

● In the platform ecosystem, the platform will reward the KOL and excellent developers who help users through their own value. In GameBox, all users can become developers by using the platform SDK. Users can make NFT gameplay they want by using the GameOS function, and also can interact with the main game. Add to UGC content.

 

● The GameBox SDK will also focus on solving two major problems: fast delivery of good traditional games and lower barriers to development.
